TF-M:fix build error withouth gpio0 enabled (#13234)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/known_issues.rst

The issues in this section are related to the TF-M implementation in the |NCS|.

.. rst-class:: v2-5-0

> NCSDK-24804: TF-M does not withouth gpio0 node enabled in devicetree

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NCSDK-24804: TF-M does not build when the gpio0 node is disabled in devicetree
```

Reviewer 2: Also, should we write GPIO0?

Author: I was using lower-case because I'm referring to the node in devicetree, which is lower-case.

Reviewer 2: I just noticed that we are writing GPIO0 and GPIO1 in Kconfig file as well, so I thought we should align :)

>   This fails with error: 'TFM_PERIPHERAL_GPIO0_PIN_MASK_SECURE' undeclared.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  This fails with the error message ``'TFM_PERIPHERAL_GPIO0_PIN_MASK_SECURE' undeclared``.
```

>   **Workaround:** Enable gpio0 node in devicetree configuration

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  **Workaround:** Enable the GPIO0 node in the devicetree configuration.
```

Author: @mia-ko Looking into how we have done this elsewhere, this should be lower-case and with double-backtick,
`TF-M does not compile when a ``uart1`` node`

Reviewer 2: I guess it makes more sense :P
